SUBJECT: < INSERT UNIQUE LINE>
 
Dear Broward Board of County Commissioners, 
 
My name is [NAME], resident of District [#]. On Sunday, May 31, there was a protest in Fort Lauderdale planned by Black Lives Matter Alliance Broward, Broward Dream Defenders and Broward DSA in response to the killings of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Tony McDade nationally and Barry Gedeus, James Leatherwood, Damain Martin locally. The Broward Sheriff's Office (BSO) used aggression towards peaceful protesters exercising their first amendment right resulting in violence and harm. There were over 3,000 people who participated in the peaceful protest. After the action ended, protesters were making their way home when police escalated violence. BSO/Ft. Lauderdale Police shoved one black woman on the ground and shot another one in the head with a rubber bullet. Along with this protest and others around Broward County, BSO have utilized tear gas, concussion grenades, rubber bullets and more. These actions have resulted in the harm of innocent people, and supporting members of the community. I call on the County Attorney to release all the protesters who are held in jail and hold accountability to the police officers involved in using unlawful force specifically Steven Pohorence, who shoved a Black women on the floor and has been reviewed by internal affairs for using force 79 times in his roughly three-and-half years on the force. Pohorence needs to be fired, his pension taken away along with officers who have a similar racist history and actions. 
 
BSO is currently funded by our tax dollars while our Youth and community development funding struggles. It has become undoubtedly evident that Florida’s local government cares more about law and order than beneficial public service initiatives. I’m writing this petition to propose a BSO budget cut by at least $700 million. That money would then be redistributed into other pillars of broward county public service such as health, homeless and shelter initiatives, and youth & community development especially during this time of the COVID-19 pandemic, and rampant police brutality locally and nationally.  
 
Specifically, I am calling on the  Board of County Commissioners to become visionary leaders and defund BSO and invest in community-based solutions to keep black, indigenous and communities of color safe. We are calling on you to commit to the following at the next commission meeting:

1. To never again vote to increase police funding or to increase the police department's budget.
2. To protect and expand current investment in community led-health strategies (such as investing in doula care, restorative   justice, and an additional stimulus to Broward residents).
3. To propose and send to  vote for a $700 million reallocation of money that was allocated from the General Obligation Bond for Public Safety ifor a new Police Headquarter replacement project and instead invest those resources in community-led and identified measures. This cut is a response to safety shortfalls and failures.
4. To propose and vote an immediate 10% cut to the police department budget.

From Minneapolis to Broward County, our people are hurting and crying out for genuine health and safety in the midst of living in a pandemic and the epidemic known as police brutality. We're done waiting for change, the time is now to invest in resources that are truly safe. We can't afford to keep funding BSO attacks on community members like Latoya Ratlieff. It seems as though we’ve been aimlessly signing petitions with no real change, but if the Board of County Commissioners back this initiative of defunding the police, we CAN get this done. I will not stop until we defund the police and defend Black lives, reallocating the budget to support health, homeless and shelter initiatives, and youth & community development. This needs to be done, this needed to be done yesterday, last year, years ago for the future of our children, students, parents. Black lives matter. Broward County can get this done, and we do not need law enforcement to have this much control. We will make this happen. 
 
What we need are more jobs, more educational opportunities, more arts programs, more community centers, more mental health resources, as well as more of a say in how our own communities function. This is a long transition process but change starts with reallocating this funding!
 
Broward County deserves better. We deserve better. This county needs you to help create a space in which more mental health service providers, social workers, victim/survivor advocates, educators, religious leaders, neighbors, and friends — all of the people who really make up our community — can look out for one another.
 
I urge you to do the right thing and embrace the responsibility of your role at this moment in history. Can I count on you to work to pass an alternative budget that puts a focus on social service programs and the wellbeing of the community?
 
Thank you, 
 
[NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[EMAIL]
[PHONE NUMBER] 

